feat(changelog): jobs-added-automatic-retries-for-serverless-jobs 2026-06-19 (#6615)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/june2026/2026-06-19-jobs-added-automatic-retries-for-serverless-jobs.mdx

---
title: Automatic retries for Serverless Jobs
status: added
date: 2026-06-19
category: serverless
product: jobs
---

You can now configure automatic retries for Scaleway Serverless Jobs. If a job fails due to transient errors or unexpected crashes, the system will automatically re-run it based on your defined policy, improving the resilience of your automated workflows without requiring manual intervention.

- **Customizable attempts:** Specify the maximum number of retry attempts.
- **Enhanced reliability:** Better handling of intermittent failures or third-party API issues.

> For more informations [read the dedicated documentation](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/serverless-jobs/how-to/manage-job-retries/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, [read the dedicated documentation](/serverless-jobs/how-to/manage-job-retries/).
```
